Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
Welcome back to the podcast. On today's episode, we are excited to have Jenny Pratz reading Psalm 141 as part of our Psalms Project journey.
Psalm 141.
Prayer for preservation from evil
A psalm of David.
I call upon you, O Lord, come quickly to me.
Give ear to my voice when I call to you.
Let my prayer be counted as incense before you, and the lifting up of my hands as an evening sacrifice.
Let a guard over my mouth, O Lord, keep watch over the door of my lips.
Do not turn my heart to any evil to busy myself with wicked deeds.
In company with those who work iniquity.
Do not let me eat of their delicacies.
Let the righteous strike me
Let the faithful correct me.
Never let the oil of the wicked anoint my head.
For my prayer is continually against their wicked deeds.
When they are given over to those who shall condemn them
Then they shall learn that my.
Worth words
Were pleasant.
Like a rock that one breaks apart and shatters on the land,
So shall their bones be strewn at the mouth of Sheol.
"'But my eyes are turned toward you, O God, my Lord.'"
In you i seek refuge.
Do not leave me defenseless.
Keep from me the trap that they have laid for me.
And from the snares of evil-doers
Let the wicked fall into their own nets
while I alone escape.
Questions to ponder after that.
What temptations are hard for you to overcome?
Can God actually guard you?
And keep watch over you.
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.